Note on the Rubric 
------------------
Although some of the grading criteria may appear subjective to you, I was as objective as possible and assigned almost all the grades using checkpoints on the essential parts that we required for the project. 

The soft criterium I used is mostly concentrated on items #2 (Data Analysis) and #3 (Scope and Complexity). The final grade for those items resulted from an evaluation of all the projects as a whole. I also recognized in those rubrics team's effort and dedication. I considered a project more complex if it required different types of skills and used more diverse content we covered in during the quarter (e.g., if the team downloaded and used two ready-to-use data sets VS if the data was constructed using complex webscraping, data cleaning, record linkage, used more advanced data vis packages (e.g., Django, dash, etc.) and everything was stored in a relational SQL database).

Please note that these grades are final! I will not make any grade adjusts unless it is due to an arithmetic error, even if you feel the deduction is too much. Project scores are final. 

As always with assignments, feel free to reach out if you do have any questions about improvement or clarification. Please respond via email if you do have any questions (not on Ed). I will be busy preparing for the next quarter so I may not have a chance to respond right away. 

----------------
Project Deliverable #3 (Paper Evaluation: 10 % of grade) 

Total Points 10 /10


Overall Comments: None. Paper fulfilled all requirements. 



--------------------------
Project Deliverable #3 (Software Evaluation: 35 % of grade):

    - Project Requirements (See point breakdown below):
        Points Possible: 70
        Points Obtained: 70

    - Design & Code Style: 
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 13

    - Program usability:
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 10


Total Points:  93/ 100 

Breakdown of Project Requirements:       
	
  - Fulfills requirement #1: Two Data Sources(Web or API and another source)
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15

  - Fulfills requirement #2: Data analysis component
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15

  - Fulfills requirement #3: Project Scope & Complexity
        Points Possible: 10
        Points Obtained: 10

  - Fulfills requirement #4: Visualization or Textual Component
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15


  - Fulfills requirement #5,  #6, #7: Project structure and Virtual Environment 
        Points Possible: 15
        Points Obtained: 15





Overall Comments: Overall, nicely done project. A few comments 

1. usability deduction: Your install.sh script has an error. There's a single "fi" line that is causing it not to work. Also it should be 

pip3 install -r requirements.txt 

Also there lines are not correct: 

(2) Enter into the crime_sentiment folder 
(3) From the crime_sentiment folder, run: python3 -m crime_sentiment

You run the program from outside this folder in the top-level directory. 

2. style deduction: You need to remove commented out lines of  code that you are not using anymore. See the app.py file as an example 


3. Your dashboard code file is very long. You need to think about Separating out that code into individual python modules. For example, each graph can be separated into its own python file. This way it will be easier to maintain and manage in the future. Have the crime.py file be the main file that imports the individual python modules.